site/src/pages/docs/example.mdx, before:

import versions from '../../../gen-src/versions.json';

# MDX Examples

## Paragraphs

This is a paragraph.

This is a paragraph with `code`.

## How to link to a page

See [here](type://Server) to learn more about the class.

Go back to [home](/), [docs](/docs) or [learn how to setup a new project](/docs/setup).

Go to [a section in this page](#paragraphs).

Go to [a section in another page](/docs#http2).

## How to link to Javadoc

See <type://ServerBuilder> to build a <type://Server>.

You can create as many <typeplural://Server> as you want.

Annotate your method with <type://@Description> for documentation.

## Code blocks

A simple code block:

```java
System.err.println("This is a code block.");
```

A code block with an expression:

<CodeBlock language="xml">{`
  <?xml version="1.0">
  <document>
    <currentVersion>${versions['com.linecorp.armeria:armeria-bom']}</currentVersion>
  </document>
`}</CodeBlock>

## Alerts

Simple alerts:

<Tip>This is a tip.</Tip>
<Warning>This is a warning</Warning>

Markdown alerts: (Must insert empty lines around the MDX block)

<Tip>

Use a <type://ClientBuilder> to build a client:

```java
Clients.builder("tbinary+http://example.com/thrift")
       .decorator(LoggingClient.newDecorator())
       .build(MyService.Iface.class);
```

</Tip>

Complex alerts:

<Tip>
  <p>
    This is a paragraph.
  </p>
  <CodeBlock language="java">{`
    System.err.println("This is an informational code block.");
  `}</CodeBlock>
</Tip>

## Diagrams

```bob-svg
/--------------------------------------------------------------\
|                                                              |
|  RequestLog                                                  |
|                                                              |
|                             /-----------------------------\  |
|                             :                             |  |
|  +----------------------+   |      Child RequestLogs      |  |
|  |                      |   |        e.g. retries         |  |
|  |                      |   |                             |  |
|  |   Request side log   |   |  +-----------------------+  |  |
|  |                      |   |  | Child #1              |  |  |
|  |                      |   |  | +-------------------+ |  |  |
|  |     Copied from      |<-------+ Request side log  | |  |  |
|  |     the first child  |   :  | +-------------------+ |  |  |
|  |                      |   |  | : Response side log | |  |  |
|  |                      |   |  | +-------------------+ |  |  |
|  +----------------------+   |  +-----------------------+  |  |
|                             |  | ...                   |  |  |
|  +----------------------+   |  +-----------------------+  |  |
|  |                      |   |              .              |  |
|  |                      |   |              .              |  |
|  |  Response side log   |   |  +-----------------------+  |  |
|  |                      |   |  | Child #N              |  |  |
|  |                      |   |  | +-------------------+ |  |  |
|  |     Copied from      |   |  | : Request side log  | |  |  |
|  |     the last child   |   |  | +-------------------+ |  |  |
|  |                      |<-------+ Response side log | |  |  |
|  |                      |   :  | +-------------------+ |  |  |
|  +----------------------+   |  +-----------------------+  |  |
|                             |                             |  |
|                             \-----------------------------/  |
|                                                              |
\--------------------------------------------------------------/
```

Commit message:

Add remark-grid-tables support

site/src/pages/docs/example.mdx, after:

import versions from '../../../gen-src/versions.json';

# MDX Examples

## Paragraphs

This is a paragraph.

This is a paragraph with `code`.

## How to link to a page

See [here](type://Server) to learn more about the class.

Go back to [home](/), [docs](/docs) or [learn how to setup a new project](/docs/setup).

Go to [a section in this page](#paragraphs).

Go to [a section in another page](/docs#http2).

## How to link to Javadoc

See <type://ServerBuilder> to build a <type://Server>.

You can create as many <typeplural://Server> as you want.

Annotate your method with <type://@Description> for documentation.

## Code blocks

A simple code block:

```java
System.err.println("This is a code block.");
```

A code block with an expression:

<CodeBlock language="xml">{`
  <?xml version="1.0">
  <document>
    <currentVersion>${versions['com.linecorp.armeria:armeria-bom']}</currentVersion>
  </document>
`}</CodeBlock>

## Alerts

Simple alerts:

<Tip>This is a tip.</Tip>
<Warning>This is a warning</Warning>

Markdown alerts: (Must insert empty lines around the MDX block)

<Tip>

Use a <type://ClientBuilder> to build a client:

```java
Clients.builder("tbinary+http://example.com/thrift")
       .decorator(LoggingClient.newDecorator())
       .build(MyService.Iface.class);
```

</Tip>

Complex alerts:

<Tip>
  <p>
    This is a paragraph.
  </p>
  <CodeBlock language="java">{`
    System.err.println("This is an informational code block.");
  `}</CodeBlock>
</Tip>

## Tables

A simple table:

| Tables        | Are           | Cool  |
| ------------- |:-------------:| -----:|
| col 3 is      | right-aligned | $1600 |
| col 2 is      | centered      |   $12 |
| zebra stripes | are neat      |    $1 |

A complex table: (See [remark-grid-tables](https://www.npmjs.com/package/remark-grid-tables) for the syntax)

+-------+----------+------+
| Table Headings   | Here |
+-------+----------+------+
| Sub   | Headings | Too  |
+=======+==========+======+
| cell  | column spanning |
+ spans +----------+------+
| rows  | normal   | cell |
+-------+----------+------+
| multi | cells can be    |
| line  | *formatted*     |
|       | **paragraphs**  |
| cells |                 |
| too   |                 |
+-------+-----------------+

## Diagrams

```bob-svg
/--------------------------------------------------------------\
|                                                              |
|  RequestLog                                                  |
|                                                              |
|                             /-----------------------------\  |
|                             :                             |  |
|  +----------------------+   |      Child RequestLogs      |  |
|  |                      |   |        e.g. retries         |  |
|  |                      |   |                             |  |
|  |   Request side log   |   |  +-----------------------+  |  |
|  |                      |   |  | Child #1              |  |  |
|  |                      |   |  | +-------------------+ |  |  |
|  |     Copied from      |<-------+ Request side log  | |  |  |
|  |     the first child  |   :  | +-------------------+ |  |  |
|  |                      |   |  | : Response side log | |  |  |
|  |                      |   |  | +-------------------+ |  |  |
|  +----------------------+   |  +-----------------------+  |  |
|                             |  | ...                   |  |  |
|  +----------------------+   |  +-----------------------+  |  |
|  |                      |   |              .              |  |
|  |                      |   |              .              |  |
|  |  Response side log   |   |  +-----------------------+  |  |
|  |                      |   |  | Child #N              |  |  |
|  |                      |   |  | +-------------------+ |  |  |
|  |     Copied from      |   |  | : Request side log  | |  |  |
|  |     the last child   |   |  | +-------------------+ |  |  |
|  |                      |<-------+ Response side log | |  |  |
|  |                      |   :  | +-------------------+ |  |  |
|  +----------------------+   |  +-----------------------+  |  |
|                             |                             |  |
|                             \-----------------------------/  |
|                                                              |
\--------------------------------------------------------------/
```
